Enable version validation in the isInstalled step (#1364)
elastic/apm-pipeline-library: vars/isInstalled.txt

> Whether the given tools is installed and available. It does also support version

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Whether the given tool is installed and available. It does also supports specifying the version.
```
